# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --universal dev-requirements.in -o dev-requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via kedro-viz
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   omegaconf
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
    #   watchgod
appnope==0.1.4 ; platform_system == 'Darwin'
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   kedro
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   pyzmq
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   click-default-group
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via kedro-viz
colorama==0.4.6 ; (platform_system != 'Windows' and sys_platform == 'win32') or platform_system == 'Windows' or os_name == 'nt'
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
debugpy==1.8.8
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dynaconf==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.112.0
    # via kedro-viz
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
    #   kedro-viz
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via strawberry-graphql
greenlet==3.0.3 ; (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   kedro-viz
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.28
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kedro==0.19.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro-viz
kedro-viz==9.2.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.3
    # via kedro-viz
notebook==7.2.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
orjson==3.10.6
    # via kedro-viz
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kedro-viz
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pytoolconfig
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro-viz
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pytoolconfig
plotly==5.23.0
    # via kedro-viz
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
pre-commit-hooks==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
psutil==6.1.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; os_name != 'nt' or (sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32')
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   kedro-viz
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   build
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   strawberry-graphql
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
pytoolconfig==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rope
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pywin32==308 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.14 ; os_name == 'nt'
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kedro
    #   omegaconf
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
rope==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
rpds-py==0.21.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit-hooks
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8 ; python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_python_implementation == 'CPython'
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
secure==0.3.0
    # via kedro-viz
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==75.4.0
    # via jupyterlab
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via kedro-viz
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
strawberry-graphql==0.237.3
    # via kedro-viz
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kedro
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   strawberry-graphql
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.5
    # via kedro-viz
uvloop==0.19.0 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform != 'cygwin' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
watchgod==0.8.2
    # via kedro-viz
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
